feat(pilots-corner): Replace RMP labels for INOP & A32NX Flightdeck API (#863)
flybywiresim/docs: docs/pilots-corner/a32nx-briefing/flight-deck/pedestal/rmp.md

![Reception Knobs](../../../assets/a32nx-briefing/pedestal/RMP-receiption-knobs-2.png "Reception Knobs")

!!! info ""

>     VHF2-3 channels are available for selection in the while VHF1 is always selected, although not lit in the current Stable version of the A32NX. The rest of the channels are available and operational in the Development version of the A32NX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    VHF2-3 channels are available for selection in while VHF1 is always selected, although  in the current Stable version of the A32NX they do not illuminate. The rest of the channels are available and operational in the Development version of the A32NX.
```

A little more clarification and better sentence structure. (Also grammar typo).
